(DOCS-4353) Add page for creating an agent-integration for marketplace (#16315)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/marketplace/offering.md

## Install and configure the Datadog development toolkit

> The Agent Integration Developer Tool allows you to create scaffolding when you are developing an integration by generating a skeleton of your integration tile's assets and metadata. For instructions on installing the tool, seeInstall the [Datadog Agent Integration Developer Tool][17].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Agent Integration Developer Tool allows you to create scaffolding when you are developing an integration by generating a skeleton of your integration tile's assets and metadata. For instructions on installing the tool, see [Install the Datadog Agent Integration Developer Tool][17].
```

> Once you've installed the Developer tool, configure the tool for the `marketplace` repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've installed the Developer tool, configure the tool for the `marketplace` repo.
```

To install the toolkit:

Set `marketplace` as the default working repository:

```
ddev config set marketplace $HOME/dd/marketplace
ddev config set repo marketplace
```

If you used a directory other than `$HOME/dd` to clone the marketplace directory, use the following command to set your working repository:

```
ddev config set marketplace <PATH/TO/MARKETPLACE>
ddev config set repo marketplace
```

## Populate the integration tile scaffolding

> Run the `ddev` command to generate a skeleton of the folders and files needed for your integration. The options you use with the command are different depending on what type of integration you are developing. For a full list of the files created by the `ddev` command, see [Integrations assets][19].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the `ddev` command to generate a skeleton of the folders and files needed for your integration. The options you use with the command are different depending on what type of integration you are developing. For a full list of the files created by the `ddev` command, see the [Integrations assets](#complete-the-necessary-integration-asset-files) section below.
```
